# Lecture 1 

The basics:
* Practicums and project based learning is available
* Seminar
  * Look at annotations and material
  * Address what the class reads and the controversies that come up
  * Use hypothesis to structure the classes engagement
  * Have 1 hour of material available 
	  *think, pair, share; snowball and small group discussions is a good strategy to use
    
Coding cheets: 
* use grater than to form block quotes

> This is a very long line that will still be quoted properly when it wraps. Oh boy let's keep writing to make sure this is long enough to actually wrap for everyone. Oh, you can *put* **Markdown** into a blockquote. 

* use star or dash  to create lists
- I am an example of a list

More cheats can be found at the following [link](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet#links)

Use text editor i.e. Notebook ++ to write instead of Word
  text editor will understand conventions of language you are writing in. Help make better sense of what you are reading. It can be transformed into any other type of document we need. 
Dilinger: practice writing markdown 
login to repository prose.io authorize on github. It will see all your repositories and you can select the file you want to edit. You can also write new posts from there. Then save changes and commit for the post to be saved to your github. 

Next class, we will set up our notebooks. The open notebooks will need to be updated regularily. 
Readings:
 - the first reading - it is a longish piece so focus on the pieces that are important for students and student understanding
 - the Cathedral and the Bazaar
