# Lecture 2
## Notes 2017-16-10

* Github can be used for taking notes on the readings and making sense of them 
* schedule (presentations)
  * November 13, 2017 - Visualization 

## Code
Question: who invented the printing press?

When we really start to look at the question, we start asking ourselves questions of a question. We then begin to break ridged catergories in order to understand. Also, the tools we have available begin to change our fundamental ways of understanding a simple (or more complex) concept. 
* time management, authoritative source (imposter syndrome)

### What is code?
* Framwork for understanding a system to give it instruction in a variety of languages (hierarchical relationship)
* building block of digital world, syntax, nature of the language, instructive or productive
* Are these definitions true? Are they too broad? Are they too specific? Does a definition exist? 

* Gate Keeping: Harold Innis "Bias of Communication" 
  * hierarchic
  * gets down to power and money and who gets to speak

## Your thoughts on the readings
* Humanitarism and accessibility 
* Who gets left out of the narrative
There are a lot of powerful questions that come out of these readings

## Project: 
### What do the undergraduates need to know about code? How will you all work together to achieve this?
* Standard structure? Discussion? Key questions? Exercises? Collection of essays? Links? project based? 

Dynamic Vs static websites
* Static = hand coding own website 
* dynamic = pull information from a database
* Github is built with a static generator in it
* separating content form container
* Jekyll-now - GitHub - static website for the open notebook
